 

 

¢ BS,

THOMAS A. McCLURE

 

Research Economist, Agricultural and Food Economics
Technical Economics and Business Planning Section

B.S., Agricultural Economics (1964) The Onio State University
M.S., Agricultural Economics (1965) The Ohio State University
Ph.D., Agricultural Economics (1972) The Ohio State University

Dr. McClure's primary interests center in the areas of production
economics, marketing, statistical analysis, and other technoeconomie aspects
of firms engaged in agrimarketing operations. During his employment at
Battelle he has participated in e variety of research studies on a wide range
of topics, such as meat and poultry processing, livestock feed marketing,
fertilizers, herbicides, and economic aspects of Livestock waste handling.

He 4s the author or coauthor of more than 40 Battelle research reports,
many of which deal with venture feasibility and business planning.

Recently, Dr. McClure was part of 2 project team that performed
an analysis of factors affecting the supply end demand for protein in the
United States and other parts of the world. is particular assignment was
to evaluate the outiock for various crops as protein suppliers. Other recent
research has centered around investigation of international opportunities in
Plant breeding and agricultural seed production and marketing. He has also
conducted work related to identification of new product opportunities in the
area of seed treatments and seed pelletization.

One of Dr, McClure's current research activities involves an
investigation of resource requirenents and production costs of sugar crops
and the resultant implications for producing energy from plant biomass.
This work involves a detailed economic analysis of inputs utilized in pro-
ducing sugarcane, sugar beets, and eveet sorghum, along with anticipated
changes resulting from adoption of new cultural practices.

In 1972 he received his Ph.D. degree in agricultural economics fron
The Ohio State University. The subject of his doctoral dissertation was "An
Economic Analysis of Retail Fertilizer Plant Operations in the United States".
This subject was an outgrowth of several fertilizer-related studies at
Battelle during the 1968-71 pertod.

 

Dr. McClure is a member of the American Agricultural Economic
Association and has been associated with Battelle since 1966, He also par-
tdetpates in the managenent of the family's cash grain farm in West Central
Oh4o which provides practical experience in dealing with crop production
from the producer's point-of-view.

bS8bPTOsS
