 

QURRICUIM VITAE OP TR. ROBERT

Dr. Robert C. Hockett, Research Director of The Council for
Tobacco Research - U.3.A., Inc., 110 East 59th Street, New York, New
York 10022, vas born in Fayette, Missouri on July 1, 1906.

A graduate of the Ohio State Ustversity, Dr. Hockett mrsued
graduate study in the sane institution and receive the ¥4.D. degree in
chentstry there in 1929. As a Netional Research Council Fellow in
Chentetry, he vas a guest scientist at the National Institutes of
Health, U. S. Public Health Service from 1929 to 1931 and then Associate
Ghentst oa the Institute staff from 1931 to 1935.

In 1935 he joined the faculty of the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology as Assistant Professor of Chemtstry, becoming Associate
Professor in 1941.

In 1943 he was granted a leave of absence from M.I.7. to serve
as Sctentitic Dizector of the Sugar Research Foundation, Inc., vhich
position he occupied until 1952. He bas also been Visiting Professor at
‘the Univeraities of iinots and North Carolina.

From 1952 until 1954 he served as @ consultant to industriel
firms on probless relating to foods, mutrition, pharmaceuticals,
fernentations and sponsored research.

In 1954 he joined the present Count for Tobacco Research's
predecessor organization - the Tobacco Industry Research Comittee -
fas an Associate Scientific director.

Dr, Hockett 4s a Fellow of the Averican Academy of Arts and
Selences, the New York Acadeny of Sciences, the Anerican Public Health
Association, the Royal Society of Arta, and the Anerican Institute of

 

     

 

    

from 1956 to 1960.
of Biological Chemists, American Association Zor the advancenent of
Selence, friends of the World Health Organization, Royal Society of
Health, and the Phi Beta Kappa Associates,

He has served as a Lecturer in Svitzerland for the American-
Swiss Foundation for Scientific Exchange, menber of the Food Industries!
Advisory Comittee to the Nutrition Foundation, Inc., Collaborator to
‘the United States Department of Agriculture, member of the Advisory
Comittee for Advances in Carbohydrate Chonistry, as Associate to the
State Department's Comittee for Interazerican Scientific Publication
and nonber of the Sugar Advisory Comittee to the Administrator of the
Production and Marketing Act, U. S. Department of Agriculture,

or2z90STtoz

He Le author of cunerous research papers on chemistry of the
carbohytrates, of articles and lectures on nutrition and public health,
of many reviews and summaries on tobacco and health research and

contributor to a book, Beet Suzer Bconomies.
