SENT BY:Xerox Telecopier 7021

 

 

Angele P. John isthe founder and droctor ol tne AP. John insituto for Cancer Reseatch, 101878, Ihe
‘rosette was incorporated as @ non-prolt corporation In tne State of Connecticut. In 1962, M was
awarded & tax-exempt status.

 

ir. John has been studying end researching cancer for mote than 35 years, He worked as a diattion
{or ve years while attending evening college ciasses in anatomy, physiology, biology end blochemisty.

 

In 1961, his book, DIAITIS, ANTE-CANGER NUTRIENTS IN ITS PREVENTION & CURE. was published
by Bridgehead Books of Now York. In his book, Mr. John outined hls concepts on the prevention,
aoe erin and treatment of cancer ~ all of which contradicted the prevaling concepts on cancer.

 

 

Jn tne past several years. all of his concepts have ether been validated or are very near being
cconlirmed. For example:
'2) Diet and nutrtion can help pravent cancer. (In 1961 anyono who suggested that
diet and nutrtion had anything to do with cancer was considered a food quack)

b) The S0-0dd nuttonts derived trom a proper diet are used fo comprise within the
ody & DETOXIFICATION SYSTEM, and this DETOX SYSTEM (along wih
Individual nutrients such as VRamin A, Gand €. plus carotene and selenium), act
1s the firs line of defense against cancer,

 

cc) Most cancers In man are caused by chemicals (such as the oxygen radicals)
‘which ere generated within the body. When the radicals ate not property
DETOXIFIED, mostly because ol poor dletary habhs, pre-cancorous calls develop
whieh most often develop Into cancer.

 

  

16) Most cancers do not davelop because of genetic abnormalities (such as
mutations, transposed genes, oncogenes ot suppressor genes), but instead in
Getect In cal structures called the CENTRIOLES, which control the process of ¢
replication

 
  

 

fe) Cancar can be successtully treated wih a technique called INTRA-TUMOR
THERAPY - which ontais Injecting a chemical such as hydrogen peroxide directly
Into the tumor. At the same time, a patlent would be placed on diet and nutcnional
therapy.

Jn 1950 Mr. John also developed a new technique for treating cancer (which he had patented), called
ISCHEMIA-REPERFUSION TUMOR THERAPY. Intlal Ulals In Sweden have proven highly successtui

 

Mr. John beloves that when hospitals make INTRATUMOR THERAPY, ISCHEMIA: REPERFUSION
‘WieRAPY ard. DIET AND NUTRITIONAL THERAPY avaliable to all cancer patlenis, along with
chemothurapy and radiation therapy, cancer wll become a highiy treatable disease,

31-92 1023 - 49 2203 303382i8

TILOLTEZO?
