Craig Shirley
President and Chief Executive Officer, Craig Shirley & Associates, Inc.

Craig Shirley is president and chief executive officer of Craig Shirley & Associates, Inc., a public
affairs/public relations firm in Alexandria, Va. Since founding the company in February 1992, he has
worked with many political, trade and corporate clients,

Shirley began his career in 1978, serving as press secretary for U.S. Sen, Gordon Humphrey. In
carly 1980, he left the senator's office to direct the Fund for a Conservative Majority’s independent
‘campaign that supported Ronald Reagan for president, In 1981, he became an account executive with &
‘major New York adventsing firm, managing programs for the New York Racing Association and the C.F.
Hathaway Shirt Company. In 1982, he became the communications advisor to the Republican National
Committee, traveling across the country advising campaigns and state committees on public relations,
political advertising and campaign strategy. During the 1984 presidential campaign, Shirley became
director of communications for the National Conservative Political Action Committee, the largest
independent political committee that spent more than $14 million on behalf of President Reagan's re-
election

Later in 1984, Shirley formed Craig Shirley & Associates, Inc. In 1987, he joined forces with
David Keene to form Keene, Shirley & Associates, Inc, Fort five years, Shirley worked on several major
public relations/public affairs campaigns until he re-opened Craig Shirley & Associates, Inc

A frequent commentator and public speaker, Shirley lectures at various seminars and has
contributed articles to numerous publications, including The Los Angeles Times, The Washington Times
and others,

 

Phil Stout
Executive Director, Nevada Asso

 

ion of Independent Businesses

Phil Stout is the executive director of the Nevada Association of Independent Businesses, an 800-
member association that lobbies state legislators on behalf of small business.

Stout began his career in the U.S. Navy, serving as a meteorologist from 1959 to 1963. He left the
‘Navy and spent a year as an accountant for Pan American World Airlines, He drew on his Navy
experience when he began working for the U.S. Weather Bureau in 1964, He spent a year working on the
Nevada Test Site Project and then moved to work on the Pacific Weather ProjectFar East from 1965 to
1967. He worked charting the weather for ships traveling in the Far East until he was injured and disabled
at Cam-Rahn-Bay, Vietnam, in 1967.

Stout returned to Nevada and, later, became involved in politics. He was elected to the Henderson
City Council in 1975 and served as councilman until 1979. In 1990, Stout was elected to the Nevada
State Assembly. For two years, Stout served on the Assembly Ways and Means, Taxation and Labor and
‘Management committee.

‘Along with his political work, Stout has been involved in many government boards and
commissions. He has acted as chairman of several committees, including the Henderson Beautification
‘Committee and Senior Citizens Advisory Board, the Clark County Regional Streets and Highways
‘Commission and the Nevada State Land Use Planning Advisory Council. He also is tireless in his
‘community service acting as national director for the Nevada Jaycees and chairman of the first Special
Olympics for retarded children in Southern Nevada, among other projects.

Stout received his bachelor's degree in political science from University of Las Vegas.

10

GELSLLE FOZ
