FF Principal investgatorProgram Director (Las, fst, mile): —_

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH
‘Give the foowing information fo: the key personnel and consultants and collaborators. Begin with he principal
invasigate/program director. Protocopy ths page foreach person,

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

Nae POSITION TTLE
HALAZONETIS, Thanos, D.D.S., Ph.D. Assistant Professor

EDUCATION (Gopin wih baccalaureate or other rial professlonal education, sugh as nurse, and indbde posiéoctoralwainag)

INSTITUTION AND LOCATION oeoree | conrenneD FELD OF sTUOY

University of Athens, School of Dentistry, DDS. 1982 Dentistry

Athens, Greece

Tufts Univ., School of Dental Medicine, Boston, MA | Certificate | 1984 Periodontology
Harvard University, Graduate School of Ph.D. 1989 Genetics

Arisand Sciences, Boston, MA

 

 

 

RESEARCH AND PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Concluging with present poston, it in chronological order, previous employment, experience, and
‘honors Key personnel include the principal investigator ang ary other individuals who panlpae inthe scenic development x execution othe project
‘ey personnel typcaly wil include al individuals with doctoral or oer professional degrees, butn some projects wil include indvivale athe maston or
‘baccalaureate level proved they contriouein a substantive way fo the scientic development or erecuton ol the projet. Include present membership on
‘ay Feceral Goverment pubic advisory commie. List, in chronological orce, tho ties, al authors, and complete relerences teal publealions Guin the
ast tos years and to representative ear publications pertinent fo this appicaton, OO NOT EXCEED TWO PAGES,

1989-1990 Postdoctoral Fellow, Department of Genetics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA (in the
laboratory of Prof. Philip Leder, who was also my Ph.D. thesis advisor)

1990-1993 Project Leader, Merck Sharp and Dohme Research Laboratories, West Point, PA

1993-present Assistant Professor, The Wistar Institute, Philadelphia, PA.

1993-present Adjunct Assistant Professor, Department of Pathology, University of Pennsylvania Medical
School, Philadelphia, PA

Member

‘American Association for the Advancement of Science
‘American Association for Cancer Research
Philadelphia Cancer Research Association

 

PHS 368 Rev O97) (Form Page 6) Page FF
"Number pages consecumly tb botom houphau the application. Donatus ates such a a 3b
