BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH
Give the folowing information for the key personnel and consultants and collaborators. Begin withthe principal
investigator/program director. Photocopy this page for each person.

NAVE POSITION TITLE
Carol C. Korte Research Technician

 

 

 

EDUCATION (Bagin with baccalaureate or other inital protessional education, such as nursing, and include
postdoctoral training.)

 

 

 

TER
INSTITUTION AND LOCATION vecace | covreRaco | FIELDOF Stuy
+ —Norifem Mlinois University, DeKalb, TT S. TOOT “Biology
. Northern Illinois University, DeKalb, IL MS. 1992 | Biolog;

 

RESEARCH AND/OR PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Condng wh prozont postion Tat cronotogcal order previous employmon
Expeiance, ena Honor Keypereonnel Fee te poncpal Ives: apd ery oer indice who paricpate the sire;
Siracusa ots pet uote aly wd ude a nn wh to pts das
FEPInE cetera eamian oe re. run eer montero ary Feder Goa scny mice.
{St eventual ode he te. aus and compete ere ol taconite pul re ens an
"epreseriave ear publcalors perinent ots appicaton. OO NOY EXCEEO TWO PAGES

 

 

 

lectron Microscopy (1990 - present) Experience in negative staining and the preparation of
tissue for sectioning, viewing, and photographic development of the negatives and prints.

+ Data Analysis (1990- present) Quantitation of morphological characters. Included digitizing,
point counting and otfer measurements. Experience with the design and implementation of”
experiments and various analysis tools.

* Tissue culture, (1991- present) Routine maintainance of cell lines without contamination.

+ Molecular biology (1995- present) Including routine subcloning, DNA preparation, restriction
analysis, sequencing, and library screening.

+ Cell Biology (1995- present) Immunocytochemical staining of Drosophita tissues followed by
light microscopy with digital imaging and analysis.

 

 

Research Assistant (1990- 92) with Dr. L. Yasui, Norther Illinois Univeristy, DeKalb, IL. Cell
survival experiments, electron microscopy, and morphological analysis.

+ Research Technologist (1992- 94) Chief Virology Technician at the Pennsylvania State
Univerisity Animal Diagnostic Laboratory

+ Research Assistant (1994- present, half time) with Dr. C. Fisher, Department of Biology, The
Pennsylvania State University, PA,

+ Research Assistant (1995- present, half time) with Dr, G. H. Thomas, Department of
Pennsylvania State University, PA.

Honours:

+ Member of Sigma Xi 1992-present

* Second Place in 1991 student competition held by the Midwest Society of Electron Microscopists

 

 

logy, The

Publications: .
+ Korte, C. C. and Yasui, L, 1993. Morphological characterization of the radiation sensitive cell
line, xrs-5. Scanning Microscopy 7;943-51

 

 
