CURRICULUM VITAE

Prof. Hanna Engelberg-Kulka
Born in Vienna, Austria, on 15.8.1932

Studies:
1952-58
1964

Hebrew University, Jerusalem, Israel. Degree-M.Sc
Hebrew University, Jerusalem, Medical School, Degree-P’h.D., on the
subject: "Studies on streptomycin-dependent bacteria.”

 

Professional Experience:

1994 -
1985 -
1978-85
1972-78

1972-73

1968-72
1963-67

Teaching:
1965-95

Research:
1978 -
present

 

Chairperson, Department of Molecular Biology, Institute of Microbiology,
Hebrew University-Hadassah Medical School, Jerusalem, Israel

Professor, Department of Molecular Biology, Instilute of Microbiology, Hebrew
University-Hadassah Medical School, Jerusalem, Israel

Associate Professor, Department of Molecular Biology, Institute of Microbiology,
Hebrew University-Hadassah Medical School, Jerusalem, Israel

Senior Lecturer, Department of Molecular Biology, Institute of Microbiology,
Hebrew University-Hadassah Medical School, Jerusalem, Israel.

On Sabbatical leave as a recipient of an Eleanor Roosevelt Fellowship of the
International Union Against Cancer in the Department of Molecular Biology,
Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, NY, USA,

Lecturer, Department of Molecular Biology, Institute of Microbiology,
University-Hadassah Medical School, Jerusalem, Isracl.

Instructor, Department of Bacteriology, Hebrew University- Hadassah Medical
School, Jerusalem, Israel.

Hebrew

Courses (lectures, seminars and laboratories) in Molecular Biology for B.Sc. M.Sc.
and Ph.D. students.

REGULATORY MECHANISMS OF GENE EXPRESSION:

1. The control of nonsense suppression by E, coli ribosomes
2. E. coli mutations affecting nonsense suppression.
3. Codon context effects.
4. UGA readthrough as a regulatory mechanism of gene expression in:
aE. coli trp operon
i trp attenuation
ii, Regulation of the synthesis of the tryptophan repressor
b. RNA phage Q8, filamentous phages and phage A.
5. The mechanisms of translational readthrough and frameshifting: their
implications in cell biology.
6. Studies on alternatives in’ reading the universal genetic code.
7. Translational introns as a regulatory element of gene expression.
8 Protein degradation and antidegradation.
9. Programmed cell death and antideath in a bacterial culture.
APPLICATIVE RESEARCH:
1. Development of a simple assay for selenium determination and its
implication in relation to cancer.
2. Engineering of selenium-containing enzymes.
3. Development of a procedure for amino acid sequencing in internal

regions of proteins.
4. Construction of a bacterial system to minimize protein degradation

 

 
