FE. Princina invesigatorProgram Oxecor (LI, st, misao):

 

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH

‘Gwe ih following sntrmation forthe key personnel and consulants and colisboraiors.Bogin wih the pangpal
ivesugatorpuogeam director, Photocony ths page for each person

 

 

 

 

 

fone POSTION THE

Rena G. Lapidus Postdoctoral Fellow in Oncology

EDUCATION (Begin win baccalaureate oho nil prolessionl education S0Gh a trsng, and nude poaiactoraT arg) 7
YEAR

_ INSTITUTION AND LOCATION occree | conrenneo FEL OF stuOY

Boston University, Boston, MA B.A. 1986 Chenistry

University of Maryland, Baltimore, MD Ph.D. } 1993 Pharmacology

 

 

 

 

RESEANCH AND PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Concluding wth present poston, lit, n vonological order, previous employment experience, and
honors. Key personne! include the principal investigator and any oper individuals who participate athe scientie development ox execution ofthe project.
Key personne! ypcaly wi incude at individuals wih doctoral or othor professional degrees, but some projec wil include inchiduals tthe masters oF
baccalaureate level provided they contribute ina substantive way fo the scintite development or execution o the projet. include present membership on
any Federal Government pubic avisory commitee. List, in chronological err, the tiles, allathors, and complot elerences toa pusications dung the
‘ast three years and to representative earior publeations pertinent otis application. H thelist of publications inthe last hee years exceeds two pages.
‘select the most pertinent pubicatins. DO NOT EXCEED TWO PAGES.

 

PROF! x -

1984-85 Laboratory Assistant, Boston University, Boston, MA

1985-86 Research Technician, Department of Cancer Biology, Harvard
University School of Public Health, Boston, MA

1986-88 Research Technician, Genzyme Corporation, Cambridge, MA

1988-93 Graduate Research Assistant, Department of Pharmacology,
University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD

1993-present Postdoctoral Fellow in Oncology, The Johns Hopkins

University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD
HONORS

National Deans List (1984, 1986); Susan Komen Breast Cancer Foundation
Fellowship (1995-

PUBLICATIONS:
Lapidus, R.G. and Sokolove, P.M. Inhibition of spermine of the inner membrane

permeability transition of isolated rat heart mitochondria, FEBS Lett.
3132314, 1992,

 

Streicher-Scott, J., Lapidus, R.G. and Sokolove, P.M. Use of
carboxyatractylate and tight binding inhibitor therapy to determine the
concentration of functional mitochondrial adenine nucleotide translocators in
@ reconstituted system. Anal. Biochem. 210:69, 1993.

Lapidus, R.G. and Sokolove, P.M. Spermine inhibition of the permeability
transition of isolated rat liver mitochondria: an investigation of mechanism.
Arch. Biochem. Biophys. 306:246-253, 1993.

Lapidus, R.G. and Sokolove, P.M. The mitochondrial permeability transition:
interactions of spermine, ADP and inorganic phosphate. J. Biol. Chem. (in
press).

 

BRS 38 ov oT) (Form Pago 6) Page FF
"Number ages cnsecubvely le botom troughout the application, Oo notuteEtiaes auch 23a, 2.
