From:
Date:
Subject:
To:

ce:

2071420588 Page +
Note for Marin, We

 

Gotti, Robert
Mon, Jan 23, 1995 9:54 AM
1800-to-VWear update
Blohm, Susan; Ferrin, Robert

Hicks, Marcia(Kowal): Knuff, Ketrina; Marin, Wendy; McDaniel, Janice;
PMUMSP12.NHOESING

Bob/Susan -

As you know there was a problem with the 1800-to-V Wear phone number being assigned to
both V-wear and the Corporate Affairs Accommodation program in Columbus, Ohio.

‘This serves as a recap of a conference call this moming between myself, Janice McDaniel
(PM Corp. Aff.), Ketrina Knuff (PM Corp. Aff.), Mark Baker (APAC - Telemarketing
yendor that takes the Accommodation program calls), and Marcia Hicks, Peter Barros and
Gary Briggs of Kowal & Associates.

Currently, we are routing any call from the 614 (Columbus) area code to APAC on the
assumption that it is an Accommodation program related call. Sitel handles all calls from
outside this area code. This is due to the politcal sensativity of wanting to keep as much
distance as possible between the Accommodation program and PM.

Today (1/23) marks the start of the direct mail drop to approximately 12,500 consumers in
the Columbus market.

Historically, the advent of a direct mail catalog dropping does not create a large surge in call
volume. The catalog and the items within basically speak clearly enough for themselves.
Typically calls don't start coming in heavily until orders are submitted and consumers are
checking the status of their order.

‘Therefore for the near future, ALL calls from the 614 area code will continue to be
automatically routed to APAC. APAC will change their opening script to a more generic
“Thank you for calling, how may I help you?”

If the caller mentions V-wear or Vision Value, they will be transferred by APAC to Sitel to be
handled by a V-wear CSR. If the call is an Accommodation call, they will handle by APAC
as they normally do.

After our conversation this morning 1 am confident that Mark has sufficient staffing to handle
any call volume that goes into APAC from the Columbus market. He is to provide me with a
weekly report recapping the call volume that they are transferring to Sitel.

We will need to revist this issue in approximately 4 weeks to determine what changes we
need to make as volume increases due to order status inquiry calls.

Til keep everyone posted. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me at
x: ‘

Thanks,
rg