From: Cooper, David

Sent: Tuesday, September 21, 1999 11:18 AM

To: Beverly Mckittrick: Brendan McCormick: David Cooper; Deane Gross; Ellen Merlo:
Eric Ostern; Frank Geovannelio; Jack Lenzi; Jim Maggio; John Hoel; John Scruggs:
Josh Slavitt: Liz Culley; Matt Winokur; Michael Pfeil; Robert Reese; Rochelle
Goldman; Thomas Ryan; Janice McDaniel; Mark Berlind: Peter Lipowicz; Edward
Sanders; Loreen McAlpin; Manuel Bourias; Roger Walk; Mary Carnovale; Tom
Collamore

Ce: "Gary Auxier’; ‘Ira Matathia’; ‘Jane Brite’; ‘Marian Salzman’; Christine Mohrmann; Dan
Turner; David Nicoli: David Sylvia: James Lindheim: Jean Wang: John Dunham; John
Maheras; Michae’ Stojsavijevich; Peter Harris; Thomas Sorelli; Valerie Kilhenny:
Wayne Winegarden

Subject: Motners Have Greatest Impact on ETS Exposure to Kids

 

 

 

Importance: High

New ETS Study in Archives in Environmental Health
Finds Mother's Smoking Habits Have Greatest
Impact on Exposure to Children

Study Examined Household Smoking Habits and Socioeconomic
Variables Among School Children In Cape Town, South Africa

Maternal smoking ranked highest as the leading cause of ETS exposure
in a study of 662 school children ages 6 - 11 years old who live in Cape
Town, South Africa, and attend one of 15 different schools. Overall,
eighty percent of the children were exposed to ETS.

This study was part of a larger study on household risk factors for
childhood asthma. As such, students selected for the ETS portion of this
study first completed questionnaires about household smoking
incidence.

Of those, 368 students had diagnosis of asthma or multiple asthma
symptoms and 294 were randomly selected. ETS exposure was then
determined via measurement of cotinine levels in urine specimens.

Father's smoking ranked second as the reason for ETS exposure.
Socioeconomic indicators (household crowding, level of education,
income) ranked third. Community contribution (prevelance of smoking
by household in each school) ranked fourth.

   

Study was conducted by Cape Town University’s Dept. of Science and
Immunology and Dept. of Community Health and the Center for
pidemiological Research of South Africa.

 

Copies of the study available on request.

2078563452