FW: Year 2000 CDC Quarterly Status update tor September 1999

   

 

 

 

Page 1 of 2
. | 2505159161
re
|ee[@lwleialxlorle ous ey
Girona, Ramon uw
Fox, Liliana; Legrain, Michel: Battelli, FrancoscoxGefie, Johannes: Kamnovaky, Alexander; Konsta,
ones Vana; Leopold, Bertrand; Pfeil, Reinhard; Bauer, Stefan; Dortiand, Sander; Van Eyck, Jean Pierre; “y

Wong, Vip; Legin, Dennis: Hardwick, Philip; Duarte, Ang’ Gomi, Willy: Lamonica, Giorgio: Jalass,

Gert; Bruylandts, Rudy; Scarabello, Achille; van Amstel, ma =
Diserens, Georges; Hazen, Lood; Christen, Heinrich; Schoeffel, Walter; Rastelli, Francesco; Caleff,
Dario; Lestrange, Paul; Magnoni, Sergio; Cayetano, Davide, Weder, Marc-Alaini; Galante, Ezio;

ce: Vroemen, Frank; Reininghaus, Wolf, Pozzali, Giovanni, Davies, David: Hames, Tony; Bueren, Uwe:

ad Psotta, Joachim: Giner, Frederic; Peliegrini, Matteo; Pardo, Manuel; Voirol, Pascal; Stable, Fredrik;

King, Andrew; Muster, Jean-Claude; Nopper, Philippe; Giustiniani, Alvise; Rocco, Paolo, Contreras,
Cecilia; Zebouidj, Nora

Subject: FW: Year 2000 CDC Quarterly Status update for September 1999

Sent: 9/23/99 6:34 PM

Dear all,

 

 

   

  

 

   
 

Importance: Normal

 

Attached are the CDC report templates for the September 1999 quarterly update.

 

Although the PMMC submission deadline is October 13th, 1999, we need to receive your reports in
Lausanne by TUESDAY OCTOBER 6th, THE LATEST, to allow for regional review and consolidation. |

 

‘There are no significant changes from the June report format, except that we move forward one quarter
in the tables. Therefore, pI make use of the report templates attached to this note.

 

 

portant reminder

= These reports are official documents that provide inputs to external disclosures. Approval by the CDC
Project Director AND the Finance Director is required.

~ These reports are positioned as an important vehicle to communicate and accurately represent your
organisation's progress, status, plans and target dates for completion of the tasks involved. You are
Fequested to provide enough ls to clearly understand where you stand and what remains to be done.
Target dates should be realistic.

   

= Keep in mind that this is the last estimate for 1999 spending, so please ensure the 1999 figures
reported are realist

 

Regarding the status report, one important remark from K. Michaelchuck's meme. We are getting |
closer to the new year (100 days to go). we have already crossed over 9/9/99, and therefore it is.

important for our organizations to share any information on failures, either internal or external, as they
are uncovered. These incidents should be noted in the monthly status reports.

 

Business Partner Status and Plans update

  

Please provide an update of the risk avsessment status and action plans relative to Individual High
Critical / High Risk and High Critical / Medium Risk Business Partners, including Government / Public
| Sector, licensees and major distribution partners. Use the templates used for June report.

Although this report will NOT be sent to New York, its content will be reviewed by EU Senior
Management. Approval by the CDC Director and the Finance Director is also required.

 

 

 

 

 

 

As usual. in your capacity of Global Coordinators for your organisation, please distribute this
reporting package to the project leaders responsible for MIS, Factories, Buildings and Business
Partners and ensure a timely consolidation for your site.

 

 

 

 

 

.../read.asp?command=open&obj=00000000E3E328F94537D2119DD700805F8B9540 24-Sep-1999