Message-—-
‘Poeeday, May 02, 2000 2:57 AM
Tacs: May 62, 20
Satsnan, George J: Solana, Rick P.: Sanders. Edward
RE Ruth's side ppt

WOW! How efficient! Thanks for the slide. Just a couple of questions to ensure that | represent the past correctly

= (Ithink I know the answers to some of these, but I just want to be sure!)

+ I seem to remember Richard saying that there were some written ‘guidelines for ingredient assessment prior
to the most recent version. Although I think these were probably more piecomeal in format - did they actually
specify the types of toxicology testing which were pertormed?

[Carmines, Edward L.J Yes, but they were more suggestive than specific. “Testing Aspects” were listed as:
+ Chemistry

+ Pyrolysis

+ Smoke Chemistry

+__ In vitro and in vivo Toxicity studies
{Carmines, Edward LJ Under the toxicity test heading there was a list of studies ranging form acutes and gene
tox to carcinogenicity and chronic studies.

Was there a minimum battery of tests through which all new ingredients were assessed, or was this also
performed on a case by case basis - based on literature / structural analysis?
[Carmines, Edward LJ Testing was judged on 2 case by case basis and was more driven by our
‘estimates of potential exposure and our knowledge of the toxicity of the material. We didn’t use formal
structural activity analysis as @ toot to make our decisions, but In reality we are always looking at the
structure and making toxicological judgements. The most recent testing battery included smoke
chemistry, ames, cytotox, and inhalation. We are in the process of adding the micronucleus and
tymphoma. Both have been approved, but we haven't actually run an ingredient through them yet.

Am I correct in thinking that most previous was testing basically Ames and Cytotox, the mouse lymphoma and
micronucleus tests only being added more recently as our experience with these has evolved?
[Carmines, Edward LJ Yes

Did we do much (if any) inhalation tests for ingredient review in the past?
{Carmines, Edward L.} Inhalation tests as well as skin painting tests have been run in the past but wore
mostly In response to specific issues or allegations that for ingredient approval. To date we have
essentially completed 3 inhalation studies on ingredients.

Did structure-activity analysis also play a significant role in assessment? [Carmines, Edward L.] Not really. For
the most part tox data exits on the GRAS materials and SAR is not necessary

Was the expert panel review a one off review of alll the ingredients in use at time X or did we ever ask to review
individual ingredients? Was this for the industry list or for PM alone? [Carmines, Edward L.] Tho industry expert
panel (6 experts) looked at a composite list of all ingredients used by the industry including the maximurn use level
and made a determination that ingredients were not harmful under the conditions of use.

By the way, it is not my intention te go into great detail on this, I just want to be fully prepared!

 

 

 

 

‘Once again - many, many thanks! As you may have gathered - | need as much support as I can get!
{Carmines, Edward L.] Ploase feel tree to call me if you need adaitional hell, Trmon bolay
2

with kind regards,

Ruth

WSA EU / EE / CEMA Regions.

Tei:+41 32 688 5636

Fax: +41 32 688 5776

email: dempsey.£utheepmints.ch

VOEEIORSOST