RJROOOOOO!
70056 4044

RJRTI News Report

Wednesday, March 20, 1996

The following articles and excerpts have been compiled to provide RJR Tobacco International employees
with a summary of current media reports about tobacco issues. These quotations from other publications
Jo not represent the positions or beliefs of R.J. Reynolds Tobacco International. inc.

    

  

Inside this issue:
Country Title

 

 

“JT To Enter Hamburger Market
No Comment On Settlement By U.S. Tobacco Maker
‘Sometime Fresh Filter Cigarette-Super Lights
Poznan Cigarette Maker Buys Land For New Factory
BAT Steady After US Tobacco Declines
Follow US On Tobacco Claims, Urges Firm
United States Cigarette Makers Face Threat Of More Accounts From insiders.
United States ‘Dean Witter Upgrades RURN To “Buy” From “Neutral”
FDA Affidavits Say Philip Mors Manipulated Nicotine
Heard On Street: “Buy Philip Morris" Falls On Deaf Ear
United States Nicotine-Brain
United States. NY Plans To Quit Tobacco Investments
United States Philip Morris: No Settlements

 

 

 

 

 

{co} ofen} on} |co]co}co}no}no ||

 

Using MS Word, holding down the CTRL key and pressing G will let you advance to a particular page.

JT To ENTER HAMBURGER MARKET

Japan Tobacco [JT] Inc. said Thursday it will form a joint venture company in April with Grand
Metropolitan PLC of Britain to jointly run the Burger King chain of fastfood restaurants in Japan.
To start up the new business, the joint company will buy the Morinaga Love chain of 48 fastfood
restaurants in the Tokyo metropolitan area from a Morinaga and Co. subsidiary and convert them
into franchise hamburger restaurants starting in June. JT declined to disclose the purchase price
of the Morinaga Love chain.

 

The joint company will be capitalized at 490 million yen, which will be equally split between JT
and Grand Metropolitan, and engage in the management of the Burger King brand in Japan. It
will set up a wholly owned subsidiary in April to run the Burger King chain in Japan.

The name of the two new companies have yet to be decided, JT said.

10507056288

 

 

1486 820