 

 

Robert E. Trouts, Sr.
$536 Adelina Court
‘Agoura Hills, CA 91301
818-597-8737

 

 

 

January 2, 1999

RJ. Reynolds Tobacco Company
Winston-Salem, NC 27102

ATTN: Chairman of the Board and/or Chief Executive Officer
Dear Sir or Madam,

1am a 53 year old male born in 1946. I have been smoking Winston cigarettes
for 42 years, since age 11. Needless to say, 1 have been, and I am currently
addicted to your brand of cigarettes and nicotine.

Please allow me this opportunity to profile my smoking history for the past 42
years for purposes of edification.([ write this letter while going through the
withdrawal of nicotine addition for the 25% time)1 have been hypnotized
numerously, injected with various ‘blocker’ chemicals, used patches, joined
stop-smoking clubs, you name it... I have tried it all more than once. Now I'm
trying again, but this time I'm going to do it because quite frankly, I'm pissed
off...big time. You might be laughing saying to yourself,‘ so it took this klutz 42
years to figure out that nicotine is addictive’ ? Not on your life. Ive smoked and
knew I was addicted, because try as I might, I just couldn't quit. I went
through hell every time and put my family through hell as well.

 

Here is the bottom line, and you might take real hard notice, because it took me
so long to get mad, you can bet your ass that I'm now on a mission to stop you
from contaminating youngsters, (especially my new grandson) from becoming
addicted to tobacco. It seems as though money talks in this world, and you are
about to understand that one individual can cause as much financial pain than
your group of hotshot lawyers can defend. It’s kinda like y'all have been lying to
the public and dancing around the truth all these years. Well gentlemen, I've
decided to play your little game and now I know the rules on how to play to win.

Enclosed is my first invoice for nicotine treatment for which you are solely
responsible. But standby boys, it’s about to get better.

By your own admission, you altered the amounts of nicotine and other additives
and now jige a bullshit marking ploy that your brand of cigarettes are “100%
tobacco (W) no additives’. When does it all stop ? Will you go to no end to hurt
and keep\péople buying your product even though you know it hurts them and
the people around them ?

 

ZLvt 9LoZs

 
